so what do you remember about your
parents death car crash I was 14 you
started having discipline problems
kicked out of three boarding schools
after that let's talk about that day on
the beach
Katrina I love you so much what happened
[Music]
[Applause]
you gave up everything after that didn't
you Mitch no not everything
cuz you think you're gonna kill Mansoor
and wipe out his whole cell for starters
yeah I like your agenda I know exactly
what to do with you
[Music]
so what do I need to know about this guy
he's a warrior best I've ever known
[Music]
so bad things happen do any want to kill
those meat or terrorists you think that
qualifies you for my selection process
my guess is if you and I go hand to hand
you can probably figure out inside of 20
seconds with an I have what it takes to
make it through selection process so you
say kill me you think it's I cement
stroke right here like this well in the
movies
[Music]
what is it you think we do here
so people need to be challenged up there
you're a ghost you don't exist
[Music]
he's ready Stan you're not ready any
boat be Morosini sir
yeah shut the door we're shipping out
set those down like movies sure yeah
you thought so yeah somebody turn it up
turn it off
am I supposed to feel sorry for you go
never ever let it get personal
understand kill me
people think you could slice a man's
throat like this
that's all we're in the movies right
there do it no noise no mess
Victor you're up
let's go
if you're gonna have Heinz nut back to
your head
you go down out there you're a ghost you
don't exist
there's nobody nobody coming back for
you that day on the beach it changed you
you want revenge but you think you're
gonna jump from cell-to-cell taking out
terrorists for starters yeah our people
here like your agenda Mitch I know
exactly what to do with you so what do I
need to know about this guy he's a
warrior one of the best I've ever known
some bad things on you now you want to
go kill terrorists am i right out there
it's about the mission not about you
sigh cement stroke right here like this
he's testing through the roof you need
to focus is off the charts I've seen off
to church before not like this you think
you're special never ever let it get
personal what is it you think we do here
tell people I need to be killed we got a
problem
six days ago 15 kilos of plutonium went
missing
look at this it can't be him
it's him Irene its ghost why is this guy
after you something personal something
everything he did I thought I'm gonna do
there's a nuke in place
got 48 hours to stop
but trusted you you should have come
from me eliminate the target yes sir
[Music]
this whole thing is just a means to an
end for you now this is just a beginning
[Music]
based on the number one New York Times
bestseller it's a bad thing Sam dude I
wanna kill this meat or terrorists for
starters yeah you think that qualifies
you for my selection process my guess is
if you and I go hand to hand you can
probably figure out it not I have what
it takes on September 15 look at this
it's in my rate
it's ghost I want rap on the team what
is it you think we do here tell people
who need to be killed
exactly
Dylan O'Brien Michael Keaton Dowson
they're gonna burn I don't think so
American Assessor in theatres September
[Music]